README.md, before:

# Practice repository to start learning Git

## Commands used

- git init: Create a new git repository
- git status: Compare working directory, staging area, and current branch
- git add: Add changes from working directory to staging area
- git commit: Commit changes from staging area to current branch
- git config: Set or get configuration
- git log: Show a history (aka "log") of project commits
- git show: Show a single commit
- git diff: Show the difference between commits, the working directory, and the staging area
- git checkout: Check out branch (update HEAD and apply changes to working directory)
- git branch -c: Create a branch
- git branch: List branches
- git merge: Merge changes from different branches
- git checkout -b: Create branch, then check it out

## What's a branch?

A branch is a ref(ference) to a commit. When HEAD points to a branch, we say we're "on" that branch. When we make a commit while we're on a branch, the branch is updated to ref(er) to the new commit.

## What's HEAD?

Head is a ref(ference) to the "current" branch (or sometimes a commit... more on that later). Git commands like `status`, `log`, and `branch` use HEAD. `git checkout` updates HEAD to ref(er) to a different branch.
=======
- git log: Show history of project commits
- git stash: Stash changes from working directory
- git stash list: List stashes
- git stash pop: Apply stashed changes to working directory

## Commit messages

Default editor is vim (this can be chanced)
  - `i` to enter *insert* mode
  - Type commit messages
  - `Esc` -> `:wq` -> `Enter` to write message and quit
Or use `git commit -m "<message>"`

- First line should be clear, accurate, and concise
- Use proper spelling, grammar, and punctuation
- Don't end with a `.`

For more advice, see: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

## Merging

Merging means to bring the changes from one branch into another.

- A fast-forward merge happens when the target branch was branched from the current one, and there are no new changes to current branch since then.
- An Automatic merge happens when two histories have diverged, but git is able to reconcile them into one set of changes. This creates a new commit on the current branch.

Commit message:

Add git remote and push commands to README

README.md, after:

# Practice repository to start learning Git

## Commands used

- git init: Create a new git repository
- git status: Compare working directory, staging area, and current branch
- git add: Add changes from working directory to staging area
- git commit: Commit changes from staging area to current branch
- git config: Set or get configuration
- git log: Show a history (aka "log") of project commits
- git show: Show a single commit
- git diff: Show the difference between commits, the working directory, and the staging area
- git checkout: Check out branch (update HEAD and apply changes to working directory)
- git branch -c: Create a branch
- git branch: List branches
- git merge: Merge changes from different branches
- git checkout -b: Create branch, then check it out
- git remote add <remote> <url>: Add a new <remote> at <url>
- git remote -v: List remote repositiories
- git push -u <remote> <branch>: Push <branch> to <remote>, and set default upstream for <branch>
  

## What's a branch?

A branch is a ref(ference) to a commit. When HEAD points to a branch, we say we're "on" that branch. When we make a commit while we're on a branch, the branch is updated to ref(er) to the new commit.

## What's HEAD?

Head is a ref(ference) to the "current" branch (or sometimes a commit... more on that later). Git commands like `status`, `log`, and `branch` use HEAD. `git checkout` updates HEAD to ref(er) to a different branch.
=======
- git log: Show history of project commits
- git stash: Stash changes from working directory
- git stash list: List stashes
- git stash pop: Apply stashed changes to working directory

## Commit messages

Default editor is vim (this can be chanced)
  - `i` to enter *insert* mode
  - Type commit messages
  - `Esc` -> `:wq` -> `Enter` to write message and quit
Or use `git commit -m "<message>"`

- First line should be clear, accurate, and concise
- Use proper spelling, grammar, and punctuation
- Don't end with a `.`

For more advice, see: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

## Merging

Merging means to bring the changes from one branch into another.

- A fast-forward merge happens when the target branch was branched from the current one, and there are no new changes to current branch since then.
- An Automatic merge happens when two histories have diverged, but git is able to reconcile them into one set of changes. This creates a new commit on the current branch.
